---
exercise: 
food:
meditation:
planned:
slept:
portuguese :
---

# 10-07-23 | Monday

## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2023-07-10
```

### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2023-07-10
```

### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2023-07-10
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```

### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```

### Done today
```tasks
done on 2023-07-10
```


Start your day by writing down answers to the following questions:

- What are you most excited about today? 
- What are you most grateful for? 
- What is one thing you could do to make today great?  

End your day by writing down answers to the following questions: 

- What is the most amazing thing that happened today? 
- What could you have done better today? 
- What was your biggest insight today?

## Workspace

Meditation 

relax and look for the joy; observe; let it come, let it be, and let it go
(Metta)
-   May all beings be free from suffering.
-   May all beings be free from ill will.
-   May all beings be filled with loving-kindness.
-   May all beings be truly happy.

1. Self
2. Others
3. Other, challenges

Food log:
- 

Priorities:
- 

Resources:

Genealogy research :

I am want genealogy research assistance . I am researching my grand mother, jean valentine Krumme who was adopted by the Valentines and was born on Jan 7 1907 in England give for adoption by Laura and Albert ashworth to the Bethany home for girls. I am looking for a record of her birth in England.


- Her full name, including any alternate spellings or variations
- Her date and place of birth
- The names of her parents, siblings, or other relatives
- Any known locations where she lived or events in her life
- Any other details that might help identify her in historical records

Jenny Ashworth born England, might be Yorkshire from some dna information. Also known as Jean Krumme, aka Jennie Valentine.
Parents name were Albert and Laura Ashworth no know siblings.
She lived on Easton ave in Cincinnati with the valentines who owned a candy store until their death 1926 flu.
She changed her name to Jeannette in 1922 
She worked as a number please operator at the telephone company in the early 1930s
She lived at a boarding house operated by the woods until here marriage to Larry Krumme and their move to Delta ave.
She had one child Patricia ann Krumme July 26 1936
She lived on 798 Delta ave, Cincinnati, oh for many years from 1934 to 1995 , when she moved to the mason village until her death in april 2001.


