---
exercise: 
food:
meditation:
planned:
slept:
portuguese :
---

# 28-04-24 | Sunday

## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2024-04-28
```

### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2024-04-28
```

### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2024-04-28
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```

### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```

### Done today
```tasks
done on 2024-04-28
```


Start your day by writing down answers to the following questions:

- What are you most excited about today? 
- What are you most grateful for? 
- What is one thing you could do to make today great?  

End your day by writing down answers to the following questions: 

- What is the most amazing thing that happened today? 
- What could you have done better today? 
- What was your biggest insight today?

## Workspace

Meditation 

relax and look for the joy; observe; let it come, let it be, and let it go
(Metta)
-   May all beings be free from suffering.
-   May all beings be free from ill will.
-   May all beings be filled with loving-kindness.
-   May all beings be truly happy.

1. Self
2. Others
3. Other, challenges

Food log:
- 

Priorities:
- 

Resources:


Message to shed:

I am getting excited about AI prompting:

In preparation for Wednesday at 7 PM:
1. please download an AI app ChatGTP(https://apps.apple.com/pt/app/chatgpt/id6448311069?l=en-GB), MS copilot (https://apps.apple.com/pt/app/microsoft-copilot/id6472538445?l=en-GB) or MS bing (https://apps.apple.com/pt/app/bing-chat-with-ai-gpt-4/id345323231?l=en-GB). Please share the android store links to these for those with Android . We will also be able to a web browser to access Google Genine (https://gemini.google.com/app) or Claude (https://claude.ai/login)
2. Identify a problem or challenge, kinda like we did last time, something you want to learn.
3. Also consider who in the world might be able to aid you in solving the problem and/or overcoming the challenge.
4. Finally, fully charge your device and bring it on Wednesday evening.
We will be working together to explore how AI works and how it can help you with problems and challenges.

C - I am a youtube host of a daily hour and half show about expats Immigration to portugal and assimilation into portugal. Many issues are asked about and answered, visas, taxes, moving, packing, foreign exchange, purchasing a home, renting a home, driving in portugal, access to produces. The audience comes from many countries including the UK, US, Australia, Germany, Norway , Iceland,.
R - I want you to play the role of a business and immigration coach with 20 years of experience supporting immigration and building businesses doing that , to advise me to  what questions are most important and interesting to perspective expats a and immigrant 
A - provide a list of topics That add the most value to the expats and immigrants considering, in the process of immigrating and those assimilating to portugal.
F - format this information into a table of information sequenced as  a perspective immigrate wants and needs  to think about these issues. The table should have topics/issue, guests that might help with these issue, resources that might be helpful
T - the target of this is the business owner of the youtube wishing to build a audience and community to support the immigration for the long haul.  
