---
exercise: 
food:
meditation:
planned:
slept:
portuguese :
---

# 29-07-23 | Saturday

## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2023-07-29
```

### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2023-07-29
```

### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2023-07-29
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```

### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```

### Done today
```tasks
done on 2023-07-29
```


Start your day by writing down answers to the following questions:

- What are you most excited about today? 
- What are you most grateful for? 
- What is one thing you could do to make today great?  

End your day by writing down answers to the following questions: 

- What is the most amazing thing that happened today? 
- What could you have done better today? 
- What was your biggest insight today?

## Workspace

Meditation 

relax and look for the joy; observe; let it come, let it be, and let it go
(Metta)
-   May all beings be free from suffering.
-   May all beings be free from ill will.
-   May all beings be filled with loving-kindness.
-   May all beings be truly happy.

1. Self
2. Others
3. Other, challenges

Food log:
- 

Priorities:
- 

Resources:

https://community.home-assistant.io/t/how-to-play-plex-playlist/8557


Thought on life, purpose and happiness:
I suggest that purpose is a key to health and happiness. The other side of the suggestion is without purpose, knowing and pursuit of(I think the real question here is are you not already happy and on purpose and is pursuit an indication of suffering and misalignment with purpose), whatever your purpose is , the logical conclusion is your life 

	On_grid_export_power in Watts
	Solar_wind_charging_rate in km/h
	charging_amps Amps