---
exercise: 
food:
meditation: 1
planned:
slept:
portuguese :
---

# 27-12-22 | Tuesday

## In the beginning

### on my mind
```dataview
List from #onmymind
```
### Tasks
```dataview
Task
Where !completed
Group by file.link
```


## Workspace


Food log:
- 

Priorities:
- Connect
- Karen visit etc
- Create 
- Pdc plan 
- Learn
- Pdc video
- Entertain


Resources:

From chapGTP
Permaculture is a holistic design approach that seeks to create sustainable and self-sufficient systems by imitating patterns and relationships found in natural ecosystems. A permaculture design for 1 hectare in Obidos, Portugal would need to take into account the specific climatic, topographic, and soil conditions of the area, as well as the goals and needs of the people who will be using the land.

Here are some general steps that could be followed to create a permaculture design for 1 hectare in Obidos:

1.  Conduct a site analysis: To begin, you would need to gather as much information as possible about the land and its environment. This might include studying topographic maps, soil maps, and climatic data, as well as conducting on-site observations to assess the current state of the land and its potential for permaculture practices.
    
2.  Identify the goals and needs of the users: It is important to clearly define the goals and needs of the people who will be using the land, as this will help guide the design process. For example, are you looking to create a self-sufficient farm, a recreational retreat, or a combination of both?
    
3.  Develop a zone and sector analysis: A permaculture design typically involves dividing the land into zones based on the intensity of use, with the most frequently used areas (such as the house and garden) located in Zone 1 and the least frequently used areas (such as wilderness areas) located in Zone 5. It is also helpful to consider the effects of natural elements, such as wind, sun, and water, on different parts of the land and how these can be harnessed for the benefit of the system.
    
4.  Design the elements of the system: Once you have a clear understanding of the land and the goals and needs of the users, you can start to design the various elements of the permaculture system. This might include designing the layout of the house and garden, selecting and placing appropriate plants and animals, and designing water catchment and storage systems.
    
5.  Implement and monitor the design: The final step is to put the design into action and begin implementing the various elements of the permaculture system. It is important to carefully monitor the progress of the system and make adjustments as needed to ensure its success.
    

It is worth noting that permaculture design is an iterative process, and it may take several cycles of planning, implementation, and evaluation to fully optimize the design for the specific site and the needs of the users.