---
exercise: 
food: 
meditation: 1
planned: 
slept: 
portuguese: 1
---

# 15-10-23 | Sunday

## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2023-10-15
```

### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2023-10-15
```

### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2023-10-15
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```

### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```

### Done today
```tasks
done on 2023-10-15
```


Start your day by writing down answers to the following questions:

- What are you most excited about today? 
- What are you most grateful for? 
- What is one thing you could do to make today great?  

End your day by writing down answers to the following questions: 

- What is the most amazing thing that happened today? 
- What could you have done better today? 
- What was your biggest insight today?

## Workspace

Meditation 

relax and look for the joy; observe; let it come, let it be, and let it go
(Metta)
-   May all beings be free from suffering.
-   May all beings be free from ill will.
-   May all beings be filled with loving-kindness.
-   May all beings be truly happy.

1. Self
2. Others
3. Other, challenges

Food log:
- 

Priorities:
- 

Resources:

Resume prompt:
You are an expert resume writer with over 20 years of experience working with job seekers trying to a role in tech.
Highlight the 3 most important responsibilities in this job description:
[paste in job description]
Great . Based on these 3 most important job responsibilities from the job description, tailor my resume to for this [role] position at [company].  Do not make information up. Here is my resume:
[paste resume]
List the differences between my original and your suggested draft in a table format with 2 columns : original and update.
Be specific and list out exactly what was changed, Down to the exact wording.

Resume bullet points:
You are an expert resume writer with over 20 years of experience.
Here is a bullet point I have in my resume. No actions needed for now, if you understand please respond with “yes”.
Here is my bullet point.
[bullet point]

Rewrite the bullet point using the following structure: “ I accomplished X by measure Y that resulted in Z”
For example, “I lowered hospital mortality rate by 10% by educating nurses in new protocols which translated in to 200 lives saved per year.
Use compelling words and keep the bullet point to within 50 words


#taxonomy
#para 

https://timothykenny.com/blog/harmonizing-tiago-fortes-para-with-my-mastering-organization-and-learning-project-taxonomies/

#wheeloftime

You were born to protect this world And every person in it Not just the ones you love