---
exercise: 
food: 
meditation: 
planned: 
slept: 
portuguese:
---

# 03-11-23 | Friday

## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2023-11-03
```

### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2023-11-03
```

### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2023-11-03
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```

### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```

### Done today
```tasks
done on 2023-11-03
```


Start your day by writing down answers to the following questions:

- What are you most excited about today? 
- What are you most grateful for? 
- What is one thing you could do to make today great?  

End your day by writing down answers to the following questions: 

- What is the most amazing thing that happened today? 
- What could you have done better today? 
- What was your biggest insight today?

## Workspace

Meditation 

relax and look for the joy; observe; let it come, let it be, and let it go
(Metta)
-   May all beings be free from suffering.
-   May all beings be free from ill will.
-   May all beings be filled with loving-kindness.
-   May all beings be truly happy.

1. Self
2. Others
3. Other, challenges

Food log:
- 

Priorities:
- 

Resources:

https://simulador.precos.erse.pt/eletricidade/

#electric #production #pvsolar 

REN approved the registration of its UPAC, from November 1 we will start the process of accounting and remuneration of the production surplus.

What do you need to know to sell the surplus?

You will receive the first notification with the accumulated of your production surpluses on December 8.

On January 16 we will process all the readings we receive from eRedes, and account for the amount that will be paid to you. We will issue a self-invoice, on your behalf, and send it by email.

After approximately 15 days from the issuance of the invoice, we will transfer to your IBAN xxxxxxxx 420505 the value corresponding to the readings communicated in the previous quarter.

We remind you that, from the eRedes portal, you can follow all the excess production generated by your solar panels.

If you have any questions or clarification, do not hesitate to contact us by email: newenergy@goldenergy.pt

